--- 
layout: post 
title: 2014 
---

So as it's obviously 2014 already I suppose writing here should be a good
option.

During which I obviously spent time writing code instead of doing anything
_productive_, and as such, here's [a firework generating
site](http://boxmein.mniip.com/etc/fireworks.html) which you can click upon
other things.

It also has some extra features which require the user to actually _type_
things. I've disabled these by default since they come with side effects that
might not be desirable.

### The trails

The first of which is having trails. Chrome does some kind of transparency
magic in so that it lowering the transparency of a rectangle drawn over the
screen as a refresh will not in fact entirely erase the trails, thus leaving 
gray blotches in places where there used to be drawn particles. 

It's an unfortunate side effect of not implementing an entirely new alpha 
blending function aside the usual render loop. I actually did try that, but it
slowed down rendering noticeably and made the whole thing feel sluggish. It
might have also been my code. One may never know.

### The other laggy feature

The second laggy 'feature', if one might call it that, was that during the 
development process, at some point I discovered that the firework "explosion"
particles explode as well as the firework "projectile" particles, thus creating
a lot of explosion particles in a short amount of time, exponentially increasing 
in numbers, all the while slowing down literally everything.

Just as a feature I left it in even if one does need to type to access it. 

### London in the background

My next obvious thought was to add images. So now one can append "image=..."
onto the hash at the end of its URL to load an image and draw it to clear the 
screen instead of pitch black.

[Here's your London.](http://boxmein.mniip.com/etc/fireworks.html#image=http://www.hdwallpapers.in/walls/london_at_night-wide.jpg)


...But all this you could've read already in the little dim gray text on the
left upper corner of the fireworks screen.

Happy New Year.